A Software Competition The setting is that you are one of the organizers of a software competition based on “Software for better tomorrow”, and you must design a database to keep track of the administration of the competition. Three main phases are recognized for the competition: the submission, the selection and the demonstration phase. These are further explained below. Submission Phase: software development teams create software for the competition in respond to one of the chosen global problems. Relevant information on teams includes the team name, product name and their affiliation, i.e. the university they study for. A software product has a title and is assigned an identification number, and it may be created by several software developers; although each individual developer may only be involved with one software product. Where a team of developers create a software system, we distinguish between the team leader and the co-developers. In case of a single developer, that person is considered to be the team leader of the software team. The team leader is always the point of contact, so should provide an email address and mobile number. As the initial submission teams are asked to submit a proposal. Selection Phase: All software proposals created for this competition is judged by members of a jury. A judge is a software industry expert with experience in software development. Judge information that is of relevance to the organizing committee includes the judge’s name, their affiliation and email. Each software proposal is judged by three different judges. When judging software, a judge gives a decision: accept or reject. A software is selected for the final competition only if all three judges give an “accept” decision. Note that judges are not allowed to compete in this competition themselves. Demonstration Phase: All selected software systems are then demonstrated at the final competition by the team members. Each demonstration session takes place at a specific date and there is a specific demonstration order for teams.